

Question 1

Select the scalable, cloud-based log repository that stores context-rich logs generated by Palo Alto Networks security products, including next-generation firewalls, Prisma Access, and Cortex XDR agents.

Select one:

a. Cortex XDR endpoint agent. 

b. Cortex Data Lake

c. WildFire malware prevention service

d. Cortex XDR management console

The correct answer is: Cortex Data Lake



Question 2

Cortex Data Lake unifies case management, automation, real-time collaboration, and native threat intel management in the industry’s first extended security orchestration, automation, and response (SOAR) offering.


Select one:
True
False 

The correct answer is 'False'.



Question 3

Which element of SecOps provides information needed to accomplish goals?

Select one:

a. Business

b. Interfaces

c. People

d. Visibility

The correct answer is: Visibility



Question 4

Cortex is a one-stop shop for SecOps, solving all key challenges in a more efficient way with higher security outcomes.


Select one:
True 
False

The correct answer is 'True'.



Question 5

Match the Cortex process to the security use case.

Address simple use cases and complex, custom work ows using a visual drag-and-drop play- book editor with thousands of executable actions. Playbook blocks/tasks can be nested and reused across playbooks. Real-time editing, a playground for testing playbooks, and YAML- based sharing make playbook creation quick and easy.


Answer 1
Modular, customizable playbooks
 
Maintain control over automated processes with manual approval tasks available as part of any playbook.


Answer 2
Perfect balance of automation and human response
 
Speed up deployment with hundreds of out-of-the-box (OOTB) playbooks covering a wide range of security use cases (e.g., phishing prevention, IOC enrichment, vulnerability management, cloud security). A powerful software development kit allows you to build your own integrations.


Answer 3
Scalable, consistent incident response
 
Automate incident enrichment and response across more than 400 integrations with data enrichment tools, threat intelligence feeds, SIEMs, rewalls, EDRs, sandboxes, forensic tools, messaging systems, and more.


Answer 4
Orchestration across the product stack

The correct answer is: 
	Address simple use cases and complex, custom work ows using a visual drag-and-drop play- book editor with thousands of executable actions. Playbook blocks/tasks can be nested and reused across playbooks. Real-time editing, a playground for testing playbooks, and YAML- based sharing make playbook creation quick and easy. → Modular, customizable playbooks, Maintain control over automated processes with manual approval tasks available as part of any playbook. → Perfect balance of automation and human response, Speed up deployment with hundreds of out-of-the-box (OOTB) playbooks covering a wide range of security use cases (e.g., phishing prevention, IOC enrichment, vulnerability management, cloud security). A powerful software development kit allows you to build your own integrations. → Scalable, consistent incident response, Automate incident enrichment and response across more than 400 integrations with data enrichment tools, threat intelligence feeds, SIEMs, rewalls, EDRs, sandboxes, forensic tools, messaging systems, and more. → Orchestration across the product stack



Question 6

Match the Cortex connective fabric feature to the value for the security infrastructure team.

Cortex XSOAR features built-in SLA tracking capabilities to help MSSPs guarantee timely service outcomes to their customers. An MSSP can trigger a noti cation—via Slack, email, etc.—to the analyst team to handle a timely incident before an SLA breach.


Answer 1
SLA and team performance tracking
 
MSSPs can also build custom playbooks for speci c services and service levels. Inside each play- book, tool actions can be simply “copied” and reused in other playbooks at both the master and tenant levels for e cient scaling with new customer additions.


Answer 2
Modular playbooks
 
MSSPs can create playbooks and enforce policy at both the master and tenant levels, creating exibility to quickly onboard new customers, o er di erent levels of service, and expand into additional management options.


Answer 3
True multitenancy
 
MSSPs can leverage all Cortex XSOAR capabilities as a powerful backend automation and orches- tration enabler for their services while maintaining existing customer-facing portals.


Answer 4
Extensive APIs

For MSSPs, adding threat intelligence to any service to increase customer value is vastly simpli ed. Threat intelligence feeds can be compiled at the master and tenant levels to cater to di erent customer types and use cases.


Answer 5
Threat intelligence management

The correct answer is: 
	Cortex XSOAR features built-in SLA tracking capabilities to help MSSPs guarantee timely service outcomes to their customers. An MSSP can trigger a noti cation—via Slack, email, etc.—to the analyst team to handle a timely incident before an SLA breach. → SLA and team performance tracking, MSSPs can also build custom playbooks for speci c services and service levels. Inside each play- book, tool actions can be simply “copied” and reused in other playbooks at both the master and tenant levels for e cient scaling with new customer additions. → Modular playbooks, MSSPs can create playbooks and enforce policy at both the master and tenant levels, creating exibility to quickly onboard new customers, o er di erent levels of service, and expand into additional management options. → True multitenancy, MSSPs can leverage all Cortex XSOAR capabilities as a powerful backend automation and orches- tration enabler for their services while maintaining existing customer-facing portals. → Extensive APIs, For MSSPs, adding threat intelligence to any service to increase customer value is vastly simpli ed. Threat intelligence feeds can be compiled at the master and tenant levels to cater to di erent customer types and use cases. → Threat intelligence management