





Which of the following is used to describe the information used in conjunction with an algorithm to create ciphertext from plaintext?

Select one: (a)

a. Key

b. Cleartext

c. Cipher

d. Code



Characteristics of application firewalls include all of the following except:

Select one: (b)

a. Proxies traffic rather than permitting direct communication between hosts

b. Is extremely fast and has no impact on network performance

c. Masks the internal network from untrusted networks

d. Can be used to implement strong user authentication



Which of the following are typical mobile device management software capabilities? Select all that apply.

Select one or more: (a,b,d)

a. Policy Enforcement

b. Data Loss Prevention

c. Personal Firewalls

d. Malware Prevention


Characteristics of unified threat management (UTM) include all of the following except:

Select one: (c)

a. Combines security functions such as firewalls, intrusion detection systems (IDS), anti-malware, and data loss prevention (DLP) in a single appliance.

b. UTM can be a convenient solution for small networks.

c. UTM fully integrates all of the security functions installed on the device.

d. Enabling all of the security functions in a UTM device can have a significant performance impact.


Which VPN technology is currently considered the preferred method for securely connecting a remote endpoint device back to an enterprise network?

Select one: (c)

a. Internet Protocol Security (IPSEC)

b. Secure Socket tunneling protocol (SSTP)

c. Secure Socket Layer (SSL)

d. Point-to-point Tunneling protocol (PPTP)



True or False. Packet-Filtering Firewalls operate at Layer 3 (network layer) of the Open Systems Interconnection (OSI) reference model.

Select one: (True)
True
False


Which of the following terms describes the process of making and using codes to secure the transmission of information?

Select one: (a)

a. Cryptography

b. Cryptanalysis

c. Steganography

d. Algorithm



Which algorithm was the first public-key encryption algorithm developed (in 1977) and published for commercial use?

Select one: (c)

a. 3DES

b. Diffie-Hellman

c. RSA

d. Blowfish



Which of the following is considered to be the strongest symmetric encryption cryptosystem?

Select one: (b)

a. Triple DES (3DES)

b. Advanced Encryption Standard (AES)

c. RSA Algorithm

d. Data Encryption Standard (DES)



True or False: PKI systems are based on public-key cryptosystems and include digital certificates and certificate authorities

Select one: (True)
True
False
