
	Question 1

Platform as a Service - PaaS – is best described as:

Select one:

a.
An underlying network infrastructure that virtualizes physical computing resources, data partitioning, scaling, security, backup.

b.
A licensing and delivery model in which software is licensed on a subscription basis and is centrally hosted.

c. An online space where customers can develop, run, and manage applications without the complexity of building and maintaining the infrastructure typically associated with developing and launching an app.
Feedback


The correct answer is: An online space where customers can develop, run, and manage applications without the complexity of building and maintaining the infrastructure typically associated with developing and launching an app.



	Question 2

Which cloud deployment model is bound by standardized or proprietary technology that enables data and application portability (for example, fail over to a secondary data center for disaster recovery or content delivery networks across multiple clouds)?

Select one:

a. Hybrid

b. Private

c. Public

d. Community

The correct answer is: Hybrid



	Question 3

True or False. The benefit of moving toward a cloud computing model is that it improves operational efficiencies and lowers capital expenditures.


Select one:
True 
False

The correct answer is 'True'.



	Question 4

Which cloud computing service model is not defined by NIST?

Select one:

a. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)

b. Platform as a Service (PaaS)

c. Software as a Service (SaaS)

d. Desktop as a Service (DaaS)

The correct answer is: Desktop as a Service (DaaS)



	Question 5

Which cloud computing deployment model is used exclusively by a single organization?

Select one:

a. Community

b. Public

c. Private

d. Hybrid

The correct answer is: Private



	Question 6

The cloud computing service model in which a provider’s applications run on a cloud infrastructure and the consumer does not manage or control the underlying infrastructure is known as:

Select one:

Platform as a Service (PAAS)

Infrastructure as a Service (IAAS)

Software as a Service (SAAS)

Correct. The provider is delivering and supporting the application, or software, for the consumer.

Identity as a Service (IDAAS)

The correct answer is: Software as a Service (SAAS)