



Which Linux command gives you extensive help on how to use a command?
Select one: (d)

a. help

b. more

c. guide

d. man


Content-ID is an Intrusion Prevention feature that protects networks from all types of vulnerability exploits, buffer overflows, DoS attacks, and port scans that lead to the compromise of confidential and sensitive enterprise information.

Select one: (a)
a. True 
b. False


A directory service is a database that contains information about users, resources, and services in a network.

Select one: (a)
a. True 
b. False


Which subscription service complements App-ID by enabling you to configure the next-generation firewall to identify and control access to websites and to protect your organization from websites hosting malware and phishing pages.

Select one: (d)

a. Wildfire

b. DNS Security

c. Threat Prevention

d. URL Filtering



Which task is typically not included in server and system administration duties?

Select one: (b)

a. Installing and maintaining server software

b. Maintaining and optimizing network devices

c. Account provisioning and de-provisioning

d. Managing account permissions



On the NGFW, which type of User-ID technique can be configured to probe Microsoft Windows servers for active network sessions of a user?

Select one: (c)

a. Connection Probing

b. Server Probing

c. Client Probing

d. Internet Probing



The single pass architecture of the NGFW integrates multiple threat prevention disciplines (IPS, anti-malware, URL filtering, etc.) into a single stream-based engine with a uniform signature format.

Select one: (a)
a. True 
b. False


Which application identification technique determines whether the initially detected application protocol is the "real one" or if it is being used as a tunnel to hide the actual application (for example, Tor might run inside HTTPS).

Select one: (b)

a. Application signatures

b. Application protocol decoding

c. Heuristics

d. Application protocol detection and decryption



Which Content-ID filtering capability controls the transfer of sensitive data patterns such as credit card and social security numbers in application content and attachments?

Select one:(b)

a. File filtering by size

b. Data filtering

c. File blocking by type

d. File transfer function control